Function 1: Labeling
This func takes in price data, calculates the future change in price, then creates a label. This may not be needed for live data, easier to explain over a call on caveats of how this works. More documentation in code

Function 2: Momentum Indicator Creation
This func will not be used in the current model, used when ensembling with an LSTM or ANN but creates moving averages and other momentum indicators.

Function 3: Data Cleaning
When training/testing model I pulled historical data from yahoo finance and needed to do some data cleaning. See code for documentation of each line, only 5 lines

Function 4: Candlestick Creation
This is the function that takes in the OHLC data and transforms it to a candlestick chart. This will most likely benefit from some augmentation for live data
  Arguements:
    Data: this is the dataframe that contains all of the OHLC data, dates, etc.
    image_folder_base: This is the google drive folder path where the images are stored
    candles: this is the number of candles per image, set this to 15
    step: step size is how I skipped candles for training purposes so there was minimal overlap. For test data this is set to 1 so that there are no skips, this arguement will most likely not be used in live data

  In depth explanation:
    line 1: get all unique dates
    line 2: for loop so it performs iterates through each date
    line 3: day_df data frame is filtered on the current iteration date
    line 4&5: start candle is set to the first row in day_df data frame, end candle is set to candles arguement, 15 in this case
    line 6: While loop, this way it does not try to create charts if there are not enough data points
    line 7: This uses start candle and end candle as the index values to create a sequence of data points 15 rows in length
    line 8: This uses a library to create the candlestick charts, the reason it is labeled things like 'Open_2m' is that in the test/train data I also had 1m, 5m, etc. data OHLC data points, this naming convention will not be super relevant on live data as we only need 2m most likely
    line 9: This takes the label (bull, bear, neutral) from the SixMinLabel column. Will not have labels for live data as we do not have the future 6 minute returns info obviously
    line 10: Indicates the output folder path, for training purposes the label needed to be included in the folder name
    line 11: creates a file name for each image, pretty self explanatory
    line 12: writes the file to said folder w/ said file name
    line 13&14: Moves to next rows, i.e. goes from row 0 and 15 to 1 and 16
